Self-Review Exercises deitel 9 edition

2.1 
a) A { begins the body of every method, and } ends the body of
every method. 
	(OK)
b) The comparison (IF) statement is used to make decisions.
c) /* */ begins an end-of-line comment.
	(OK)
d) \t , \n and ___ are called white space. (+-)
e) Keyword are reserved for use by Java.
	(OK)
f) Java applications begin execution at method MAIN .
	(OK)
g) Methods System.out.println , System.out.printf and System.out.print display information in a command window.
	(OK)

2.2
a) Comments cause the computer to print the text after the // on the screen when the program
executes. FALSE 
	(OK)
b) All variables must be given a type when they’re declared. TRUE 
	(OK)
c) Java considers the variables number and NuMbEr to be identical. FALSE 
	(OK)
d) The remainder operator (%) can be used only with integer operands. FALSE 
	(OK)
e) The arithmetic operators *, /, %, + and - all have the same level of precedence. FALSE 
	(OK)

2.3
a) Declare variables c, thisIsAVariable, q76354 and number to be of type int.
b) Prompt the user to enter an integer.
c) Input an integer and assign the result to int variable value. Assume Scanner variable
input can be used to read a value from the keyboard.
d) Print "This is a Java program" on one line in the command window. Use method
System.out.println.
e) Print "This is a Java program" on two lines in the command window. The first line
should end with Java. Use method System.out.println.
f) Print "This is a Java program" on two lines in the command window. The first line
should end with Java. Use method System.out.printf and two %s format specifiers.
g) If the variable number is not equal to 7, display "The variable number is not equal to 7".

2.4
a) if ( c < 7) {
 	 System.out.println( "c is less than 7" );
   } 
   	OK
b) if ( c >= 7 )
     System.out.println( "c is equal to or greater than 7" );  
 	OK
2.5 
Write declarations, statements or comments that accomplish each of the following tasks:
a) State that a program will calculate the product of three integers.
b) Create a Scanner called input that reads values from the standard input.
c) Declare the variables x, y, z and result to be of type int.
d) Prompt the user to enter the first integer.
e) Read the first integer from the user and store it in the variable x.
f) Prompt the user to enter the second integer.
g) Read the second integer from the user and store it in the variable y.
h) Prompt the user to enter the third integer.
i) Read the third integer from the user and store it in the variable z.
j) Compute the product of the three integers contained in variables x, y and z, and assign
the result to the variable result.
k) Display the message "Product is" followed by the value of the variable result.
	OK


 	